## Exercise 11.1.

## C# language / .NET framework:

  *  For linting: StyleCop (set of style and consistency rules for C#), FxCop (code analysis in conformance to Microsoft's .NET framework guidelines), Roslyn (set of APIs libraries for custom code analysis and refactoring).
  *  For testing: NUnit (attribute-based model for writing tests), XUnit.net (similar approach, simple and extensible), MSTest (Microsoft's testing framework and comes built in VS).
  *  For building: MSBuild (build platform for Microsoft, used by Visual Studio), NuGet (package manager for .NET and C# dependencies), .NET CLI (command-line interface, cross-platform toolchain for .NET applications)
  *  For CI: In addition to Jenkins and GitLab, there is Azure DevOps which is also a set of tools for development by Microsoft; it supports CI/CD pipelines for C# projects and includes version control, among other features. There is also TeamCity by JetBrains and Bamboo by Atlassian.
  *  For setup (self-hosted or cloud-based): If we want our app to be highly scalable without having to invest in physical infrastructure and by considering to continue with the Azure platform we can use Azure cloud services. Azure cloud services are managed by Microsoft itself, so the company takes care of updating and maintening the app framework automatically without requiring an intervention from the developers. Additionally, the app can be accessed from anywhere and the DevOps team can work with the Azure services remotely. But this approach would obviously require us to pay monthly fees to the cloud provider. Fortunately Azure is well-known for its lower cost (when compared to other cloud services), you only pay for what you use and the platform has an integrated cost management for its users. If we were expecting to implement more modern technologies in the future, we can also integrate the analytics, blockchain, storage, databases and even machine learning services from the cloud services list that are available with Azure.

